after how much work it was to install
the world's largest TV in my theater
room I never thought that less than a
year later I'd be replacing
it Oh no I got I got I got um especially
with something that is technically
smaller if you can believe that oh okay
she's down she's down she's good I just
want to do the traditional Ivon for
scale am I an average sized person I
don't know somewhere in the world
But Here we are now I think it's time
old friend you know we've had some
really good times over the last year but
the truth is I found someone new someone
brighter Slimmer younger someone with
double the number of local dimming zones
L is please I'm still sexy I know TV but
I only have one theater room
[Music]
well with that out of the way let's get
to work installing the new one with some
help from our sponsor next weo their
anniversary sale is on right now and you
can get the Aurora Pro projector plus a
100in frenel screen all in a massively
discounted bundle check it out at the
link in the description today where are
you taking this I am not sure yet are we
putting in the theater room are you
putting it right here here's the thing
it's 5 in diagonally smaller than what I
already have and when it comes to
immersion size isn't everything but as
we discussed recently in that video on
the 98 in TCL it's a lot it's a lot
there's the sheer volume of light thrown
there's the immersiveness
however on paper this thing is so much
better than the old TV that losing 5 in
could be worth it so how about this we
unbox it on the carpet here we have a
look at it we have a look at that and we
decide if it's worth moving I don't want
to move it out of the box but okay maybe
they thought of that maybe like TCL they
have carry handles included is that for
your TV screws into the side and you
carry it you can do other things with it
too you want you yeah well it's not a
flared base so be careful with it why
does everyone who works here know that
with a normal TV you would lift the Box
off the top but ceilings are a thing so
I think the way this is going to go is
it's just going to kind of oh my God
this is terrifying this is oh that's
scary attention accessories above dude
you could build a house out of this kind
of cardboard look at this keep it for
your
cats you're doing okay with that box
over there yeah I'm just trying to move
it should we get these big thick
cardboard pieces off first then um I'm
feeling like they've got attention
accessories above there because they
kind of want you to take the foam off
yeah okay just a Vibe I'm getting a Vibe
here's another improvement over the TCL
it actually comes with mounting feet
that one is wall mount only out of the
box dude this thing's as dangerous as
that gun like oh hey look he found
instructions yeah you know it might just
fit on your current cabinet there dude
it's this close to the ceiling already
we haven't even put it on a thing yet I
think it's too wide anyway look at this
it shows four people there we don't have
four people no we don't cool I don't
know what it is but with these giant TVs
I kind of expect them to come with a
bigger remote pretty big remote that's
true pretty okay selection of included
buttons I don't mind anything but tuby
who watches tuby what are those look are
these little IO covers or something yeah
okay well we'll put those aside for now
it looks like it does allegedly come
with some kind of handle and the TV
itself is only 240 lb
[Music]
5 lb foot man Even This foam like has
substance to it you know these ones come
off next yeah I took one from the other
side already and then it looks like we
got to take the side cardboard
off all right that was easy woo I mean
anything this big is going to have a
little bit of flex but uh it's a little
scary here's the front energy guide
energy cost off the charts though In
fairness the comparison range is TVs
that are 69 1 12 in or greater so I
think high sense is probably doing all
right hey the handles are integrated o
how handy is that wow this does not feel
as solid as the TCL one maybe
tighten since we're back here we can
talk about the audio Yeah 4.2.2 two
subwoofers dang though just like we
mentioned with the 115in TV if you are
spending this much on a display and you
aren't at least buying a decent Soundbar
system yeah
what are you doing do we know how much
this thing costs yet so 20,000 for the
special edition still don't know how
much the regular one is but probably at
least like 15 grand or something I doubt
it would be half no it's not it'll be
like 18 or 19 exactly or 20 the special
edition might just
be how the heck are we supposed to
attach the feet to this thing that's a
great question we'll answer that after
we take a look at the io it's got four
HDMI 2 of which can do up to 4K 144 Herz
with a supported input it's got a couple
USB ports coax hardwired Lan spiff and
this is interesting it's still got an AV
in though it doesn't come with a little
adapter wa dude these speakers are
trippy oh there's speakers on the side
that's why it's angled out like that too
that's actually kind of exciting because
it's been years since I've seen a TV
that has proper front-facing speakers
this this might have okay sounding
speakers there's more up here these
might be height yep oh these might also
be cooling vents so we'll see oh fair
enough wait I think I found the cooling
we've got four vent spots at the back
two at the bottom and two at the top and
if these are for cooling it's for very
good reason because this thing is raed
at a staggering 10,000 nits Peak
brightness to put that in context the TV
we're replacing was already 5,000 nits
Peak brightness and was among the
brightest sets on the market this thing
is going to throw a spectacular amount
of light and it's about more than just
brightness a big part of the reason that
many modern TVs struggle with the bt2020
color space is that while they might be
able to make that green they can't make
that green with greater luminance they
don't have the color volume with that
said just because this has great color
volume doesn't mean it has great color
accuracy we're going to be testing that
later for now I want to figure out how
to get some bloody feet on it and I
think
these two pieces of foam on the side
need to come
out you ready I think she might tip
plof okay dude they thought of this I
think there's enough clearance in the
bottom to put the feet on it I don't
know they're pretty tall no no they go
like this here
oh I wonder if those other covers are
just extras then wait no I see it oh
there's another set so if you have a
narrow console you can put it in the
middle middle you can put the feet scary
close together it can still fit on here
dude this screen's going to go all the
way to the ceiling I'm going to front
page r/ TV too high let's Mount them on
the edges and we'll put it on the floor
that's cool there's two different
heights they're only about an inch apart
so I don't imagine it's making that much
difference by the time your TV is this
big but hey it's there it's great for
Sound Bars oh that makes sense yeah if
you want to put your soundar right
underneath the
TV where do you where do you get a
screwdriver like that LTT store
this thing is freaking huge I know that
shouldn't surprise me anymore but like
TVs have jumped the shark okay we going
to try and do this thing yeah so we're
going to what lift it up and then put it
back here oh the fo the foam
out oh that's the okay put it down put
it down put it
down okay oh my hands yeah my oh my God
that was terrible
I've got it I've got the TV yeah give it
a push there you go wow big
moment that's bright it's pretty bright
10,000 the palm of my hand good Lord
even these thumbnails look incredible I
don't think I've ever seen a bigger
thumbnail in my life that thumbnail is
like the size of the TV that's upstairs
in my house Dolby Vision 12K let's go
this does have Dolby Vision it's got HDR
t 10 plus it's got HDR 10 hlg it's got
basically every HDR standard Under the
Sun
W it's like dazzling yeah look at the
like star in the top right this is wild
I can't wait to see like proper actual
footage and not just a render this is
with YouTube compression yeah this just
initial Impressions here it's funny
because I I'm actually getting a bit of
uh bit of screen door not a time like it
looks really good
but we're too close we are way too close
we're way too close those clouds we
haven't even taken the peel off this
thing yet no that's true we haven't
taken the peel off I would love to see
this using the Wi-Fi 6E with something
that's not just YouTube cuz we're
getting a lot of compression like you
can see in
the lot of banding yeah a lot of banding
still it still looks dazzling the
saturation is crazy I also want to get
it in filmmaker mode and see if we are
just being a little bit Best Buy
affected here yep we're in HDR energy
saving yeah local dimming we're probably
going to want High yep even set to low
it still looks like fine though it's so
bright I'm going to go fast back light
control on high peak brightness you know
what the out of the box settings are not
far off yeah I haven't had to change
pretty much anything though we haven't
gotten to Clarity yet personally I'm not
a warm guy I'm a standard guy sorry
sorry I'm basic Dynamic Color enhancer
blah blah blah you can turn this this
stuff on if you want and it probably
looks good to the eye but out of the box
it's off which it should be what I want
to know is if any of that like motion
smoothing stuff is motion enhancement
it's off by default no this is not that
bad I do not like black frame Insertion
I know a lot of purists like it but I
can't stand the flicker it's got a color
tuner calman service I mean what
obviously you're going to want to
calibrate a TV of this caliber yeah yeah
dude that was pretty good that's pretty
clean I want to watch a movie okay and I
don't know if I can do it here actually
there's one quick thing I want to see
before we go because vibrant color and
dazzling brightness is one thing but
without contrast it just doesn't land
how is this going to handle this OLED
demo footage it's pretty good it's not
getting to pure black I'm having a real
right I can make out a tiny bit of glow
if I'm this close yeah 40,000 plus
dimming zones it's hard to tell how much
of it is caused by a little bit of glow
around bright objects on the TV and how
much of it is caused by the veiling
glare in the eye which gives you a
little bit of glow around bright objects
just from your eye that is really good
and we've got the studio lights on too
oh dude how are the viewing angles even
off AIS cuz that's where a lot of full
array local dimming will fall on its
face it'll look great headon but once
you get off axis it doesn't look
it it's still really good I couldn't get
this close to it when I was at CES try
this be speakers no let's try the
speakers let's try them in the theater
okay yeah let's
go hey no problem Robert well this is
the easy part uh go go to your
right hey see it's not so bad that was
the easiest part of this entire we we be
professional TV installers absolutely
not
easy easy easy hey Adam how you doing
good that's a big TV now that we have it
in front of that one it doesn't look as
big that big it's still it it's pretty
big but when we had it next to the 75 in
that was in the recck room enormous I
bet that thing looked like a TV for mice
here's the question to have in your mind
sure because realistically these are in
a pretty similar price bracket yeah as
we watch content here would you accept
the 5 in smaller
screen for the better performance let's
watch I don't think there's any question
let's watch let's watch fine this is it
hand it off to me halfway
through oh it's just a little bit
cleaner a little bit brighter I swear
we're going to actually watch something
but first let's hear these
[Music]
speakers it's
okay yeah louder doesn't necessarily
mean better I'd say it's up there with
like kind of a basic Soundbar but you
bought a $20,000 TV not a $20,000 sound
system so let's pivot away from the TV
speakers and let's actually watch some
content
here do that
again wow that like hurt my
eyes that's a lot of
light wow it's pretty good we're not
losing any of those like tree details in
the back or like the shadows in there
yeah look at this it's actually pretty
good even in the low lights of her hair
I can make out individual hairs it's
bright but it isn't white oh my God look
at that flash that's wild the amount of
detail you can see in there and all the
colors and everything just look pristine
because of the quantum dots that was
probably what was helping so much with
the viewing angles earlier as well is
it's it's a quantum dot mini LED I am
blown away by how much detail there is
in the shadow of all the observers and
in the like the camera flash itself yeah
that was wild I don't think I've ever
had that much brightness just thrown at
me at once that was full field that was
the whole screen it probably wasn't
10,000 nits it does that in you know
like a 2% window or whatever we'll get
some speeds and feeds after we've
actually measured it up for you guys
later yeah this too though the
yellowness yeah of this brightness it
can make things bright without turning
them white
[Laughter]
wo holy crap balls that transition yeah
that was good you're going to keep the
other TV now like come on 10,000 nits
it's twice the brightness and it's got
over twice the amount of diming zones
and the quantum dot means the viewing
angles are just like perfect the other
one's quantum dot oh okay fair enough
all right they're both quantum dot but
the difference in dimming zones huge I
don't think I've ever seen that scene
look that good I've seen it look that
good but not like
not this big cuz I'd argue that like a
cutie OLED like right in front of you
like if I got really close or even like
a new LG G4 or something it's going to
look slightly better than that nope
you're you're not wrong wrong but at
this scale like that was an
experience
wow the colors all still really pop too
like all the little Reds and greens on
their uh on the on the shoulders oh yeah
there's something about a brighter
display that really makes makes the
image look true to life instead of like
you're watching it on a screen and we're
not even looking at something with a lot
of specular highlights or anything like
that but I feel like I'm looking at a
cloudy overcast day you know as opposed
to watching a movie about a cloudy
overcast day I know we're in your
theater room yeah but I feel like I'm at
the movies oh yeah a screen this big is
gamechanging for immersion and there is
no doubt in my mind this is a better
looking screen than the one that it's
sitting in front of yep and that was
already really nice yeah this SC looks
great you can see all the Viking horns
and helmets in the back even though it
super dark D oh my god did you see the
glint on the shoulder plate there
even even in a dark scene like this yeah
the leather looks so leathery
mhm the metal looks so metally things
are vibrant yeah but not they're not
they're overselling it no oh the
on I know I saw the same thing I saw the
little sparkles on that oh man yeah holy
sh does this ever look good dude oh my
god dude this looks so good the high
sense might have to be the one yeah no I
told you the high sense was going to be
the one I didn't think so I thought I
was going to keep the bigger one 10,000
nits and 40,000 dimming zones I know
dude I can't find the dimming zones it's
really good it looks so good like look
at the the black bars are black I know
they're black I know did we at any point
mention the model number of this TV I
don't think so it's the 110 ux hey we
can go up to 144 without an AMD card now
okay but will it stay that's the real
question okay we got it working turn on
HDR let's see if we get 10 bit
okay
wow here we freaking go we're going to
test the latency later to see if High
sense's new chip actually actually can
power something like this and not add a
bunch of extra latency but uh I think I
can tell you the answer it's good it
feels really good really dude gone
completely dead are the days of terrible
gaming experiences on large format
displays even modern projectors are
pretty good these days but these large
format TVs
man just leave them in the dust and you
know what the mouse is your worst case
scenario forom there's a little bit Yeah
open like paint or something you bet I'm
way ahead of you brother you can
actually see it adjusting it's not as
bright see the cursor brightness goes
down especially as it makes its way into
the Zone but the bloom is negligible I'd
like to see them manage this better sure
but that's probably a setting in fact I
think it reset a bunch of the settings
now that we're in game the auto dimming
stuff y yeah I bet we can tune this
what's fast backlight control oh improve
the speed at which the backl follows not
available at high refresh rate that's
okay I wonder if that's hurting
performance a little bit then I think
that's something that could be improved
you can also really see that the overall
brightness goes down when I have a much
larger window yeah but they're not
advertising 10,000 nits full screen no
to be fair it's not to the point where I
would consider it to be a problem no
this is a very pleasant brightness to
use even when I have a full oh that was
big screen that's pretty DM shrink it
again that's pretty DM shrink it again
yeah yeah
okay how often are you going to use this
as a computer though cuz it's not it's
not going to do that in games almost
never almost exclusively it gets used
with the Nvidia Shield yeah dude this
looks really good dude this looks really
good that looks freaking
awesome a how was that not a head shot
you're using a sniper rifle it should
have just killed him shouldn't it know I
mean I would have thought so
how the hell am I not hitting anything
cuz you're not playing at 360 HZ on an
OLED yeah that must be the problem this
would be absolutely perfect for
something like smash as well or like
four player split screen Mario Kart oh
dude we've done it it's awesome yeah and
this one's just that but better even
better this is an amazing display dude I
I don't think you need the 5 in
diagonally that you've got with the TCL
I think it's worth switching to this one
100% she's real good it's really
good damn that's right I play take that
Bots that's right I know how to kill the
Bots it's very usable oh this is more
than usable this is good I don't think
I'd ever complain if I showed up to
someone's house and this is the display
I was playing on no you'd be such a dick
if you did oh yeah the real question is
we've got it set up here are you going
to leave it
here the accounting is complicated
I bought the TCL fair enough whereas
high sense was nice enough to send this
to the company for review and it's a
$20,000 unit so you know thank you high
sense yeah I'm not going to complain I
get to play Counter-Strike on it it's
pretty sick now the question is are we
subjectively good judges of TV
performance or is the lab going to prove
us wrong let's find out brightness on
the high 110 ux was all over the place
depending on how we tested it but an SDR
stand mode we measured a staggering peak
of over
24,000 nits in a 2% window that Peak is
very shortlived but it's there and if we
set it to HDR standard it peaked closer
to 17,000 and then slowly dropped off
with different results depending on if
we had Dynamic tone mapping on or off as
for color gamut because we were so
amazed with how bright it got we were
really hoping to see 90 plus% coverage
of the bt2020 color space well
unfortunately that's not the case
and despite the high peak brightness and
Quantum dots we measured a top end of
just under 83% still respectable but not
what we were hoping for kind of like our
color accuracy in SDR filmmaker mode we
measured an average of 4.7 and a Max of
8.7 Delta e2000 that's pretty good for a
giant VA panel with HDR though with tone
mapping disabled and testing with de ITP
we got an average of almost 22 and a Max
of nearly 57 that's
not amazing but it looked pretty good
when we were watching content on it
maybe we were just two star struck by
how bright it got not sure last but not
least latency in 144 HZ game mode we
measured 5.7 milliseconds that's 2.2
millisecs higher than the theoretical
perfect for end to end click to Photon
latency we got an average of 20.1
milliseconds it's not OLED and I can't
recommend this TV if you're trying to
win your next Counter-Strike or valerant
match but come on it's huge even if the
accounting is simple this isn't an easy
decision they're both
great this has the edge when it comes to
the best possible picture quality y but
the TCL has size barely barely I'd say
you're going to be happy with either one
and it is a pretty exciting time to be
alive that not only do gigantic format
displays like this exist but there is
competition in the space just like
there's competition to see who can segue
first to our sponsor Squarespace
Squarespace is an all-in-one website
platform that uses AI to help anyone
build a beautiful personalized website
with ease not only do they offer a
variety of award-winning templates but
they also provide tons of features to
help you run your online business you
can send invoices and accept payments
from your clients through debit credit a
and more all right on Squarespace and
you'll also get access to analytics so
you can track your site's performance
and see what's working for your business
we love how simple Squarespace is anyone
can hop in and make updates which is why
we use it for our corporate site plus
you can pick from tons of domain names
with built-in privacy and security so
don't wait start building your website
today and get 10% off your first
purchase by going to squarespace.com
LT if you guys enjoyed this video go
back and watch the review of the TCL TV
it's a pretty cool display as well